bump ParachainHost to api version 9 (#194)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

- MMR leaves generated by `pallet_mmr` point to the next-authority-set of the current block instead of the prior block [polkadot-fellows/runtimes#169](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/169)
- Upgrade dependencies to the `polkadot-sdk@1.5.0` release ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#137](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/137))
- Deprecate the `xcm::body::TREASURER_INDEX` constant and use the standard `Treasury` variant from the `xcm::BodyId` type instead ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#149](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/149))

> - Upgrade parachains runtime API from v8 to v9 in Kusama https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/194

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump parachains runtime API to v9 in Kusama to enable the `node_features` function [polkadot-fellows/runtimes#194](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/194)
```
